yo what's going on guys you boy t Oh
double oh seven here so today going to
bring you guys the best prestige class
in advanced warfare so it's currently
double XP weekend so I thought I'd bring
you guys a class setup or multiple class
setups for double XP weekend to help you
guys a little faster get through some
more prestigious so basically just going
to be breaking down three different
classes one for each set of levels in
the game so basically in one class for
level one like level five level 20 and
then level 35 to help you prestige
faster so the game play in the
background I was using the KF five end
up getting a double vicious and got
290,000 XP so it's probably one of my
best game plays I've ever gone in an
advanced warfare on your screen here I
have two screenshots of the two best
games I've ever got in prestige and got
400,000 XP in one game and 320,000 XP
and another and i ended up prestiging
and four games due to these two games it
takes about a million XP to prestige all
you got to do is just rush play
domination play the objective and you
can end up giving a lot of XP so I'm
just going to give you guys a few tips
give you guys three of the best class
setup the first class on your screen
here is a class for level five the first
thing you want to do when you prestige
is sell items and tried to get to at
least level 5 at level 5 you can put
attachments on your kill streaks and
that's going to help you out so you can
put supporting UAV defender on your
warbird and assist point on your system
hack so your level 5 class it's
basically going to be bombing run orbit
with defender system access points and
support UAV at level 20 you will end up
unlocking the assault on so the classes
when your screen here is for level 20 so
you notice I have a different gun on
here so i highly recommend from like
level 5 to level 20 you use one gun when
you get to over 20 level 25 use at
different guns so I level 5 uses the KF
five at level 20 switch to the sm one
and then once you get the little 25
utility assault or not because you could
put two attachments on your kill streak
so throw in the assault drone and then
you can also swap it out so you usually
want to try and get to 100 kills of the
bottom run before you stop using it
because that'll get you a lot more XP
because you can complete three
challenges by doing that so level 25
five you can keep the bottom round keep
the system at whichever one you want but
level 35 is where you're going to switch
up the gun again I highly recommend you
guys try the unstoppable meza basically
where you just go for unstoppable metals
they give you a shit ton of XP I ended
up going 100 70 and a ground war game a
guy I think 275,000 XP because I got 70
70 70 so you can also do this ETF where
you use the flag the end of getting
Penta and basically quad XP every kill
streak kill in CTF will give you 125 XP
and you'll get 200 XP 4 kills while
holding a flag which during double XP
will be 400 XP per kill so those are two
methods to try out but like I said just
make sure you guys are selling your
items getting to level 5 I recommend at
least switching your class three or four
times while you're prestiging obviously
one sale by level 5 try it again at
level 20 and then again it may be low of
35 level for you and that's basically
can help you level up faster and the
best game mode in my opinion it plays
definitely domination you can get the
capture to help you get your killstreaks
obviously you see all the classes have
the same killstreaks i'll be writing for
streaks to attach it on your gun for
grip and extended mags all you need in
this game with a double dash denied you
can use stock and sorrowful if you want
but you're going to be rushing the whole
entire game so i highly recommend just
for grabbin extended mags and that's
pretty much it for this video if we
could get 500 likes to feel that
absolute make my day and we'll probably
most likely be streaming so if you guys
do not follow my personal channel twists
achieve access to our score 07 the link
is in the description so hopefully you
guys enjoyed the video likes you guys
leave a like subscribe you guys are new
and I will see you guys in the next
video